DOCSP-43530: Id field in query results (#3149)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/query-builder.txt

   You can use the ``id`` alias in your queries to represent the
   ``_id`` field in MongoDB documents, as shown in the preceding

>    code. When you run a find operation using the query builder, the {+odm-short+}
>    automatically converts between ``id`` and ``_id``. In query results,
>    the ``_id`` field is renamed to ``id``. This provides better

Reviewer: S: avoid using
```suggestion
   code. When you use the query builder to run a find operation, the {+odm-short+}
   automatically converts between ``_id`` and``id`` field names. In query results,
   the ``_id`` field is presented as ``id``. This provides better
```

>    compatibility with Laravel, as the framework assumes that each record has a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   consistency with Laravel, as the framework assumes that each record has a
```
